Document play argument validation (#3079)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_intro.rst

The `ansible-lint default rules <https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/lint/rules/>`_ page describes each error.

.. _play_argument_validation:

Play Argument Validation
------------------------

Beginning in version 2.20, you can enable argument validation using the play keyword ``validate_argspec``. This adds a :ansplugin:`validate_argument_spec <ansible.builtin.validate_argument_spec#module>` task following play-level fact gathering. This feature is tech preview.

To turn on validation for a play, set ``validate_argspec`` to ``True`` to use the play ``name`` as the argument specification identifier, or set ``validate_argspec`` to a string to use instead of the play ``name``.

> When play argument validation is enabled, a corresponding ``<playbook_name>.meta.yml`` file is required in the same directory as the playbook, and must contain a valid argument specification. This is a valid, empty argument specification named ``setup webserver`` for the playbook ``create_webserver.yml``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Play argument validation has two main parts:

* The ``validate_argspec`` keyword.
* A ``.meta.yml`` file that defines argument specifications.

To enable play argument validation you:

#. Define the argument specification identifier by setting a value for the ``validate_argspec`` keyword. You can set the value to ``True`` to use the play ``name`` or you can set the value to a string.
#. Provide a valid argument specification in a ``<playbook_name>.meta.yml`` file in the same directory as the playbook.

The following example provides a valid, empty argument specification named ``setup webserver`` for the playbook ``create_webserver.yml``:
```
